h1. Japanese Morphological Analyzer Mecab on iPhone（Cocoa Static Library Version）

This is an application that integrates Mecab and allows it to be used on iOS.
Mecab is built as a Cocoa Touch Static Libarary.
Updated to work with Xcode 7 and iOS 9.

h2. Building

The sample app in LibMecabSample should build and run as configured in both 
the simulator and on devices iOS 8+ devices.

As for implementing the mecab library into your own app, please check the following
tutorial for a couple of options:

"Creating a Static Library in iOS Tutorial":https://www.raywenderlich.com/41377/creating-a-static-library-in-ios-tutorial

Unfortunately, you may end up with errors following either method listed in the tutorial.

I'm not sure exactly why it doesn't work but if you're able to figure out the problem,
please post your method to the following post on Stack Overflow:

"Implementing an older Mecab library into a modern iOS app":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/37405004/implementing-an-older-mecab-library-into-a-modern-ios-app

For now, the best method I've found is to build an app over the top of the LibMecabSample
app that's included. You can simply rename the project and go from there:

"Renaming a Project or App":https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/recipes/xcode_help-project_editor/RenamingaProject/RenamingaProject.html

Please let me know if you have any trouble, questions, or comments.

h2. License

Mecab is free software and can be used under the GPL, LGPL, and/or BSD licenses.
For details, please check the COPYING, GPL, LGPL, and BSD files included with Mecab.
Feel free to use this repository under the terms of the licenses inherited from Mecab.

h2. Acknowledgments

This repository is based on:

"Mecab":http://taku910.github.io/mecab/
"iPhone-libmecab":https://github.com/FLCLjp/iPhone-libmecab/
